add documentation for auto-push experiments in DVC (#5165)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/user-guide/project-structure/configuration.md

<details>

## exp

Sets the defaults for <abbr>experiment</abbr> configuration.

> - `exp.auto_push` - [push experiment] automatically to the git, default to
>   `false`. remote after `dvc exp run` and `dvc exp save`.
> - `exp.git_remote` - git remote to [push experiment] to, default to `origin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `exp.auto_push` - [push experiment] automatically
  after `dvc exp run` and `dvc exp save`.
  Accepts values `true` and `false` (default).
- `exp.git_remote` - Git remote to [push experiment] to. Defaults to `origin`.
```
